Docs: Update Angular setup (#8724)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/angular.md

If we want to capture every route change, we must write code to capture pageviews that integrates with the router.

To start, we need to add `capture_pageviews: false` to the PostHog initialization to avoid double capturing the first pageview.

```ts file=main.ts
import { bootstrapApplication } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { appConfig } from './app/app.config';
import { AppComponent } from './app/app.component';
import posthog from 'posthog-js'

posthog.init(
  '<ph_project_api_key>',
  {
    api_host:'<ph_client_api_host>',
    person_profiles: 'identified_only',
    capture_pageviews: false
  }
)

bootstrapApplication(AppComponent, appConfig)
  .catch((err) => console.error(err));
```

> Next, to track pageviews in Angular, we import the following in `app.component.ts`:

Reviewer: It's not super clear which version of Angular we're referring to here, and we shouldnt assume most people will be on the latest version. Adding subheadings to make it clearer:

```suggestion
Next, depending on your Angular version, add the following code to track pageviews:

### Anguglar v18 and above

Import the following in `app.component.ts`:
```

1. `posthog`
2. `Router`, `Event`, and `NavigationEnd` from `@angular/router`
3. `Observable` from `rxjs` and `filter` from `rxjs/operators`

With these, we set up a subscription to the router events that captures a `$pageview` event on every `NavigationEnd` event:

```ts file=app.component.ts
import { Component } from '@angular/core';
import { RouterOutlet, Router, Event, NavigationEnd } from '@angular/router';
import { filter } from 'rxjs/operators';
import { Observable } from 'rxjs';
import posthog from 'posthog-js';

@Component({
  selector: 'app-root',
  standalone: true,
  imports: [RouterOutlet],
  templateUrl: './app.component.html',
  styleUrl: './app.component.css'
})
export class AppComponent {
  title = 'angular-spa';

  navigationEnd: Observable<NavigationEnd>;

  constructor(public router: Router) {
    this.navigationEnd = router.events.pipe(
      filter((event: Event) => event instanceof NavigationEnd)
    ) as Observable<NavigationEnd>;
  }

  ngOnInit() {
    this.navigationEnd.subscribe((event: NavigationEnd) => {
      posthog.capture('$pageview');
    });
  }
}
```

> ### Tracking pageviews in Angular v16 and below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Angular v16 and below
```
